today every your member of that team
back and obviously that showed what the
school meant and what the program meant
to everybody is because of the
close-knit group that we work and it
just wasted something like that Clyde
and Bill put together at the very
beginning and these guys are always
going to be a part of you guys are
responsible but once I dare Merlot and
you love their rooms exciting you guys
are responsible for all that and
everything time to climb and we
appreciate that there was no signs of
national championships or Merlot feel
their lights on the field or anything
like that back then and to see that
group and the accomplishments that we're
done it was special there's a little
bragging rights there everyone says I
always played for you for you at no one
can say yeah we started it so there's a
lot of writing right there going 21 and
0 and that's when when you know mr.
Merlot decided these guys need more than
you a stadium and that's how we got the
stadium a new stadium was built by that
team on behalf of the department in the
university the success that the software
programs have had the success of
department has had success universities
had through admissions and recruiting
over the years would not have been
possible without what the soccer program
accomplice and your blood sweat and
tears to help us get there we all know
who was the main person responsible for
everything that's happened here in the
university Portland sovereign obviously
a huge loss and not having five around
my group was the first group that Clive
came in always the the message of five
is strong in our hearts and has affected
our lives in many ways an issues to be
our main field right here that went this
way until the big big guy was built in
so for those guys to see it and talk
about it really kind of reminded me of
Allah that's Julia what top class you
know when i played in some of the
greatest stadiums in the world and
that's right up there with that stuff so
it has to be a great not only recruiting
tool but just a great show of support
the university has for the athletic
program but also a soccer program as
well this team will always be the first
the first I got to a final floor that
had an undefeated season at the time
we've won championships since then we've
been back to Final Fours but without
that beginning we don't have anything
what we have here today you can see what
what what's been created out of that
year 1988 we were just young and having
fun and just working really hard for a
coach that we love and and obviously
it's continued on traditions continued
on and
the men's side for the women's side as
well we never played on Burrell field we
never played under the lights on a
Friday night we're not in the locker
room that they have today I mean we
didn't even have the jerseys that they
did you know Wade's mom made our sweats
we just did it a different way at a
different time and the passion and the
commitment that that scheme had to
getting the job done that here was the
second for them it just really brought
back great memories just it was a real
close to hearing all those names be
announced and they're all standing
beside me again was you know just attack